Curate new FAQ sections and add more answers (#982)
graphql/graphql.github.io: src/content/faq/General.md

layout: faq
category: General
permalink: /faq/
gettingStartedQuestions: Why should I use GraphQL?,Does GraphQL replace REST?,How can I learn GraphQL?,Is GraphQL a database language like SQL?,Is GraphQL only for React or JavaScript developers?
generalQuestions: Is GraphQL frontend or backend?,Does GraphQL use HTTP?,How does GraphQL affect my product’s performance?,What is a GraphQL client and why would I use one?,Does GraphQL replace ORMs?,Is GraphQL owned by Facebook?,Who is behind GraphQL?,What is the GraphQL Foundation?
bestPracticesQuestions: Is GraphQL scalable?,Does GraphQL support offline usage?,What are the security concerns with GraphQL?,How can I set up authorization with GraphQL?,How does authentication work with GraphQL?,Is GraphQL the right fit for designing a microservice architecture?,How does versioning work in GraphQL?,How can I document my GraphQL API?
specificationQuestions: What is the best way to follow specification releases?,How can I contribute to the GraphQL specification?,Where is the documentation for subscriptions?

> frontendQuestions: Does GraphQL replace Redux or other state management libraries?

Reviewer: Idea: We can convert it to MDX and split out sections into separate MD files.
MDX files can include MD files: https://mdxjs.com/getting-started#documents

Author: They are all split into separate MD files in #985 - the design in this PR was a placeholder so people could review the content.

Author: Converting to MDX could def be an idea for the future though, I can open an issue about it once these PRs are merged!

## Does GraphQL use HTTP?

Yes, [GraphQL is typically served over HTTP](/learn/best-practices/#http). This is largely due to how pervasive the HTTP protocol is in our industry. But it helps that you try out GraphQL by creating [a single HTTP request](#why-should-i-use-graphql). Guidelines for setting up a GraphQL server to operate over HTTP are available in our [Serving over HTTP](/learn/serving-over-http/) documentation. 

While HTTP is the most common choice for client-server protocol, it’s not the only one. GraphQL is agnostic to the transport layer. So, for example, you could use [WebSockets](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSockets_API) for GraphQL subscriptions instead of HTTP to consume realtime data. 

## How does GraphQL affect my product’s performance?

> With GraphQL, every field on every type has a focused, single-purpose function for resolving that value. Also, instead of trying to handle data parsing on the client, [GraphQL moves that logic to the server](/learn/best-practices/#server-side-batching-caching). As a result, there are some inherent performance benefits. Minimizing over-fetching and making [fewer roundtrips to the server](/learn/queries/#fields) are two of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a typical GraphQL backend, every field on every type has a focused, single-purpose function for resolving that value. Also, instead of trying to handle data batching on the client, [GraphQL moves that logic to the server](/learn/best-practices/#server-side-batching-caching). As a result, there are some inherent performance benefits. Minimizing over-fetching and making [fewer roundtrips to the server](/learn/queries/#fields) are two of them.
```

Reviewer: I would add that GrapQL requests are more complex and can have longer execution times.
That said typical client sends a single GraphQL to get all necessary data so switching to GraphQL should result in the better overall performance of your product.

That said, the specification was originally developed at Facebook and [Facebook is a member](https://foundation.graphql.org/members/) of the GraphQL Foundation. You might notice that some of our [GitHub repositories](https://github.com/graphql/) still have the license listed under Facebook Inc. We're updating those and have already converted major projects, like [GraphiQL](https://github.com/graphql/graphiql/blob/main/LICENSE) and [DataLoader](https://github.com/graphql/dataloader/blob/master/LICENSE), to the the new copyright: "Copyright (c) 2020 GraphQL Contributors."

## Who is behind GraphQL?

Many people! The [GraphQL specification and all related projects](http://github.com/graphql/) are open source, so anyone is welcome to [contribute](#how-can-i-contribute-to-the-specification). That said, there is a structure in place behind the repositories. This exists to resolve conflicts within the community and guiding technical decisions.

The [GraphQL Foundation](#what-is-the-graphql-foundation) provides most of the oversight for GraphQL. It's made up of [representatives from dozens of different companies](https://foundation.graphql.org/members/). 

> There are also monthly virtual [GraphQL Working Group (WG)](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-wg) meetings managed by the GraphQL Foundation. These meetings are designed to bring together maintainers of commonly used GraphQL libraries and tools, as well as significant contributors to the GraphQL community. While it tends to be mostly foundation members in attendance, the WG meetings are completely open. Anyone is able to join and [propose items to the agenda](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-wg/blob/master/agendas/). 

Author: Ah that was my misinterpretation then! Thanks for clearing that up. I'll update 😁

In the [November 2020 WG meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UybZp9O24Ow), it was announced that GraphQL will have a Technical Steering Committee (TSC) going forward. More on that coming soon.

If this is confusing, don’t worry - there’s a lot going on. To get a more visual, high-level overview, check out the [GraphQL Landscape](https://landscape.graphql.org/).

## What is the GraphQL Foundation?

The [GraphQL Foundation](https://foundation.graphql.org/faq/) is a neutral foundation that provides governance for GraphQL. This includes vendor-neutral oversight of open-source repositories, funding, events, and more. It's hosted under the [Linux Foundation](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/) and consists of [representatives from dozens of different companies](https://foundation.graphql.org/members/). The idea is that it’s an impartial and open home for the GraphQL community.

You can find out more by visiting [foundation.graphql.org](https://foundation.graphql.org/).

## Is GraphQL scalable?

> Yes, if you scale it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, GraphQL is designed to be scalable and is used by many companies in production under a very high load.
```

> GraphQL comes with some [built-in performance boosts](#how-does-graphql-affect-my-product-s-performance) that can help. But once you push it to production, you're responsible for scaling it across instances and monitoring performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GraphQL comes with some [built-in performance boosts](#how-does-graphql-affect-my-products-performance) that can help. But once you push it to production, you're responsible for scaling it across instances and monitoring performance.
```

Author: Not sure why, but it only seems to work with `product-s` and not `products` 🤷🏼‍♀️

Some [GraphQL libraries](/code/#language-support) include a specific protocol for authentication as well. Although if you’re working with a pipeline model, we recommend that [GraphQL be placed after all authentication middleware](/learn/serving-over-http/#web-request-pipeline).

If you’re using [GraphQL.js](/graphql-js/) to build your API server, we have documentation on [handling authentication with Express middleware](/graphql-js/authentication-and-express-middleware/).

## Is GraphQL the right fit for designing a microservice architecture?

Yes, it can be. If you’re integrating GraphQL into your microservice architecture, we’d recommend having one GraphQL schema as an API gateway rather than having your client talk to multiple GraphQL services. This way, you can split your backend into microservices, but then still aggregate all your data to the frontend from a single API.

There are many ways to create an API gateway. The benefit of using GraphQL is that you can take advantage of features like [caching](/learn/caching/), request budgeting, and planning out query schedules.

## How does versioning work in GraphQL?

> There’s nothing that will prevent a GraphQL service from being versioned like any other REST API. That said, GraphQL avoids versioning by design. Instead, GraphQL provides the tools to continually build and evolve your schema. For example, GraphQL only returns the data that’s explicitly requested. This means that you can add new features (and all the associated types and fields) without creating a breaking change.

Reviewer 3: I think it's important to note that payload size of existing queries does not grow when you add fields/types to the schema.

```suggestion
There’s nothing that will prevent a GraphQL service from being versioned like any other REST API. That said, GraphQL avoids versioning by design. Instead, GraphQL provides the tools to continually build and evolve your schema. For example, GraphQL only returns the data that’s explicitly requested. This means that you can add new features (and all the associated types and fields) without creating a breaking change or bloating results for existing queries.
```

You can read more about [how versioning works in GraphQL](/learn/best-practices/#versioning) in our Best Practices section.

## How can I document my GraphQL API?

> One of the benefits of GraphQL is that it's inherently self-documenting. This means that when you use an interactive tool like [GraphiQL](https://github.com/graphql/graphiql), you’re able to explore what data is exposed by your GraphQL API. This includes the [fields](/learn/queries/#fields), [types](/learn/schema/#type-system), and more. You can also add a [description field](https://spec.graphql.org/draft/#sec-Documentation) to provide supplementary notes about your endpoint. 

Reviewer: Maybe worth noting that `description` supports Markdown.

For many, this provides enough API reference documentation. But it doesn’t reduce the need for other forms of documentation. You'll likely still need to create guides that explain how the general concepts tie into your specific use case.

## What is the best way to follow specification releases?

> The latest working draft release of the GraphQL specification can be found at [spec.graphql.org/draft](https://spec.graphql.org/draft/). Previous editions are also available at permalinks that match their [release tag](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/releases).

Reviewer: We can also add that if you want to monitor spec proposal you can see them here: https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/pulls
Also you can watch proposal being discussed in different working groups here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCERcwLeheOXp_u61jEXxHMA

## How can I contribute to the GraphQL specification?

GraphQL is still evolving and contributions are very welcome! The specification (including the [latest working draft](https://spec.graphql.org/)) is open source. [Contributor guidelines](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) are available on GitHub.

There are more ways to get involved with GraphQL beyond the specification though. Updating the content on [this website and the documentation](https://github.com/graphql/graphql.github.io), for example. Or contributing to [graphql-js](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js), [express-graphql](https://github.com/graphql/express-graphql), [GraphiQL](https://github.com/graphql/graphiql), or [one of the many other projects](https://github.com/graphql/) maintained by the [GraphQL Foundation](#what-is-the-graphql-foundation). 

## Where is the documentation for subscriptions?

It's not on this website yet, but we're working on it. For now, the specification includes details for [how to write and execute subscriptions](https://spec.graphql.org/draft/#sec-Subscription). 

> If you'd like to help write guides on subscriptions, please [let us know](https://github.com/graphql/graphql.github.io/issues/new). 

Reviewer: I think it would be more encouraging if we open an issue ourself and link it here.

Author: Good idea! I can do that 🚀
